# Workshop-projects
Coding exercises

### Goals: We're trying to accomplish the following with each exercise
- Understand the code (if there is code)
- Generate documentation from the code, or create documentation based on requirements
- Create unit tests
- Build feature
- Test/refactor/refine

## Project summaries
### 1) Java based working Tic Tac Toe game. While this is a working game, it has some problems. The task is to figure out and resolve the problems using GitHub Copilot. Some questions to keep in mind as you complete the exercise:
- Do you understand the code?
- Did you create tests?
- Did you check for if there are any issues with the code? (beginning and end)

### 2) Java or Python based QR code generator. The task is to create a program which generates QR codes for any urls that are provided. Users can then use the QR code to retrieve the URL.
- Generate the code, do you understand what code was generated?
- Did you create tests?
- Are there any refactor opportunities?

### 3) Either convert or create a new Tic Tac Toe game that runs in the browser. No server side code is necessary, simple HTML, CSS and JavaScript should work.
- Is the game working correctly?
- Were you able to create/play the game in your browser?
- Are you able to modify how it looks and make it 'better', more user friendly or visually appealing?
- Were you able to leverage GH Copilot to write all the code and directions for you?

### Details in the details.md file for each project folder

Other info:

- **Who this is for**: Developers, DevOps Engineers, Software development managers, Testers, anyone looking to experiment with code.
- **What you'll learn**: Using GitHub Copilot to create/modify/fix code, generate unit tests, add comments and generate documentation for your work.
- **What you'll build**: Java, Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript files that will have code generated by Copilot AI.
- **Prerequisites**: To use GitHub Copilot you must have an active GitHub Copilot subscription. You can follow along with presenter solutions if you don't have it.
- **Timing**: This entire workshop will take about 30 minutes, therefore take 10-15 minutes for each project.

By the end of this workshop, you'll acquire the skills to be able to:

- Craft prompts to generate suggestions from GitHub Copilot
- Apply GitHub Copilot to improve your projects.

## 🌻Optional reading:
If you have extra time, you can read more about GitHub Copilot and how to use it in your projects:
- [Introduction to prompt engineering with GitHub Copilot](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/introduction-prompt-engineering-with-github-copilot//?WT.mc_id=academic-113596-abartolo)
- [GitHub Copilot in VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/overview)
- [How to use GitHub Copilot: Prompts, tips, and use cases](https://github.blog/2023-06-20-how-to-write-better-prompts-for-github-copilot/)
- [10 Unexpected Ways to Use Github Copilot](https://github.blog/2024-01-22-10-unexpected-ways-to-use-github-copilot/)

